Guilin Ramen House 2
章节速览
00:00:00 讨论项目模型的修改和优化
00:08:42 探讨模型差异与模型改进的可能性
00:16:06 讨论深度学习模型的改进与应用
00:24:44 讨论原油价格和模型数据的问题
00:31:31 讨论模型展示和数据应用问题
00:38:55 讨论模型分析的关键结果和结构
00:44:30 讨论会议安排和产品制作计划
 
转写结果
说话人1 00:00
&nbspThis is our.

This is our.
说话人2 00:45
&nbspwe did a mystery book on this channel。

we did a mystery book on this channel。
说话人1 00:50
I'm pretty self files and he thought he did.

I'm pretty self files and he thought he did.
说话人2 00:54
&nbspnice， it should work。

nice， it should work。
说话人1 01:00
你怎么了责任他不。

What's wrong with you? He's not responsible.
说话人2 01:49
愿意算了。

I will. Forget it.
说话人1 01:51
&nbspI.

I.
说话人2 01:59
&nbspthink it's nice to tell you that。

think it's nice to tell you that。
说话人3 02:13
&nbspThank you。We just have to come over。

Thank you。 We just have to come over。
说话人2 02:18
&nbspThank you for bringing printouts。

Thank you for bringing printouts。
说话人3 02:24
&nbspThat's a lot of question because I modified the structure of my project，

That's a lot of question because I modified the structure of my project，
说话人2 02:34
&nbspa new ground。 So I I didn't have a chance with your email，but you want to talk me about talk me for what you've worked on since our last meeting。

a new ground。 So I I didn't have a chance with your email，but you want to talk me about talk me for what you've worked on since our last meeting。
说话人3 02:58
&nbspNow is the last meeting we talk about the four model about this for model， but I found that it cannot beat the model zero。

Now is the last meeting we talk about the four model about this for model， but I found that it cannot beat the model zero。

&nbspI have searched a lot of literature and the literature said maybe I can how to say I can modify the the features。 The flight model is directly make these features into like how to see the for example，like remote sensing its use the csv which is generated by the gee the google earth engineer but called the remote sensing。It has the image。The file is like the image。 If I use csv maybe it will lose some information and it will lose some.

I have searched a lot of literature and the literature said maybe I can how to say I can modify the the features。The flight model is directly make these features into like how to see the for example，like remote sensing its use the csv which is generated by the gee the google earth engineer but called the remote sensing。It has the image。 The file is like the image。 If I use csv maybe it will lose some information and it will lose some.

&nbsplike a connection between the all the changes between in the.

like a connection between the all the changes between in the.
说话人2 04:30
&nbspok file， I think you would need to use the images itself。I assume that's what you were using。

ok file， I think you would need to use the images itself。 I assume that's what you were using。
说话人3 04:39
&nbspno in the flat model。I just.

no in the flat model。 I just.
说话人2 04:43
&nbspuse the cs in the cc okay？

use the cs in the cc okay？
说话人3 04:47
And also in the shipping data， maybe it's like the graph file and I think maybe the ggngnn is better for the shipping data。Okay， maybe let's start like，can you talk me for you？

And also in the shipping data， maybe it's like the graph file and I think maybe the ggngnn is better for the shipping data。Okay， maybe let's start like，can you talk me for you？
说话人2 05:10
What you've done？So based on models we talked about last time， now model zero is the price next week is the price at the next time step is the same as the price previous time step and this model becomes best。

What you've done？ So based on models we talked about last time，now model zero is the price next week is the price at the next time step is the same as the price previous time step and thismodel becomes best。
说话人3 05:26
&nbspI none of these models can increase.

I none of these models can increase.
说话人2 05:32
&nbspthrough these models and you're using the same model framework。 What is the actual model for this？Is that xg boost or。

through these models and you're using the same model framework。 What is the actual model for this？ Is that xg boost or。
说话人3 05:40
&nbspis that a graph，new network， the attorney booth and。

is that a graph，new network， the attorney booth and。
说话人2 05:45
&nbsprich？

rich？
说话人3 05:47
&nbspMaybe this.

Maybe this.
说话人1 05:49
&nbspthe and12.

the and12.
说话人3 05:58
&nbspoutput of.

output of.
说话人2 06:02
&nbspthese.

these.
说话人3 06:03
&nbspfour models。 No one can beat the no change model。The model be a rule。

four models。 No one can beat the no change model。 The model be a rule。
说话人2 06:10
&nbspI I know，can we just take a moment to look at this？ This is the root mean squared error model。

I I know，can we just take a moment to look at this？ This is the root mean squared error model。
说话人3 06:20
你的。

Yours.

&nbspa change between this square with the model zero。

a change between this square with the model zero。
说话人2 06:30
&nbspI don't know if I understand what love means.

I don't know if I understand what love means.
说话人3 06:39
&nbspto say is means the.

to say is means the.
说话人2 06:43
&nbspI see it's okay， yeah，so can you scroll back up？Sorry，not sure look at these。 Nice。 So this is how much worse it is。三，

I see it's okay， yeah，so can you scroll back up？ Sorry，not sure look at these。 Nice。So this is how much worse it is。 Three,
说话人3 06:56
爱的。

Of love.
说话人2 07:01
&nbspEveryone is bigger than the model zeros。 Everyone is worse，the model zero。

Everyone is bigger than the model zeros。 Everyone is worse，the model zero。
说话人3 07:09
&nbspThis one is in the economic literature is like the how to say is a feature or indicator or your industry。

This one is in the economic literature is like the how to say is a feature or indicator or your industry。
说话人2 07:26
&nbspWhat does that mean？What cw。

What does that mean？ What cw。
说话人3 07:28
&nbspthe cw means is the crime.

the cw means is the crime.
说话人1 07:36
&nbspfor.

for.
说话人3 07:38
&nbspmany works and not many of that test to do。 It's my first time to know this to indicator。 It is that maybe if it's smaller than the others is better，

many works and not many of that test to do。 It's my first time to know this to indicator。It is that maybe if it's smaller than the others is better，
说话人2 07:55
and that's more and better， but it's still performing worse than the baseline。So what's it better than。

and that's more and better， but it's still performing worse than the baseline。 So what's it better than。
说话人3 08:03
也cos？ No one model may could better than model zero。 We only can find which model is better than the other models。

Also cos? No one model may could better than model zero。 We only can find which model is better than the other models。
说话人2 08:20
&nbspI want you， but why would you use this model？ Then we could use this model written to know，I don't understand why you need to compare these when you've already seen the but significantly worse。

I want you， but why would you use this model？ Then we could use this model written to know，I don't understand why you need to compare these when you've already seen the but significantly worse。
说话人3 08:42
&nbspCome this is not to compare with the model zero is compared with the model one，the refinance data。Okay，so I want to find out that which date is more useful or it's useful。 Expect the final financial detail， but。

Come this is not to compare with the model zero is compared with the model one，the refinance data。Okay，so I want to find out that which date is more useful or it's useful。 Expect the final financial detail， but。
说话人2 09:05
&nbspthey do it。Just a larger group means whatever than this。 How do you explain that？For example，m three xg boost has a larger route means quite error of a mess。 This measure，which I don't know what this is，says it becomes better。 What is this measure？

they do it。 Just a larger group means whatever than this。 How do you explain that？For example，m three xg boost has a larger route means quite error of a mess。This measure，which I don't know what this is，says it becomes better。 What is this measure？
说话人3 09:27
&nbspMaybe it can explain at the modality，maybe it's more。

Maybe it can explain at the modality，maybe it's more。
说话人2 09:39
It can or it does。

It can or it does。
说话人3 09:41
It does cost。 It's a normal indicator in the oil forecasting。

It does cost。 It's a normal indicator in the oil forecasting。

&nbspEvery literature use it to compare the others models with。还能手摸到，ok。 Like this one，it can explain as it is more。It is less changeable and we can trust this model，但没得玩cos，这意思谁打不有意思就。

Every literature use it to compare the others models with。 I can still touch it, OK.Like this one，it can explain as it is more。It is less changeable and we can trust this model, but we can't play cos, which means that whoever plays is not interesting.
说话人2 10:21
漏。Okay。So I think for me and in your report，I need to see more of an explanation as to what cw is，

Leakage. Okay。 So I think for me and in your report，I need to see more of an explanation as to what cw is，

&nbspbecause it's not clear to me what this measure is。

because it's not clear to me what this measure is。
说话人3 10:36
&nbspI got that姐妹。

I got that sister.
说话人1 10:43
去做。你看

Do it. You see
说话人3 10:53
&nbspI will get more in mind。

I will get more in mind。
说话人2 10:58
&nbspIt doesn't make sense to me。

It doesn't make sense to me。
说话人1 11:04
&nbspI so that would be其实。

I so that would be.
说话人3 11:15
&nbspit's familiar with the rmse but is a special indicator。 It's just a way to measure the difference between the model one。你就可以了，你把你打死。Yeah，I I should figure out what is really hard。I。

it's familiar with the rmse but is a special indicator。 It's just a way to measure the difference between the model one。You can do it, and I will beat you to death. Yeah，I I should figure out what is really hard。 I。
说话人2 11:43
&nbspthink that's important because if you're going to make the argument that your model with，can you screw up to me？If you're gonna try and make the argument that this model improves on this one， then you really need to be able to explain what this is， because it's making it looks just like a rather than generated metric。

think that's important because if you're going to make the argument that your model with，can you screw up to me？If you're gonna try and make the argument that this model improves on this one，then you really need to be able to explain what this is，because it's making it looks just like a rather than generated metric。
说话人1 12:04
&nbspOkay。

Okay。
说话人3 12:06
&nbspAfter this four model，I found that没逼的 expand the model zero，maybe the model one only the financial data per perfect best。 I wondering that maybe the usage of these data is not so萨菲试用期年期。I should change the feature structure or I should change the input of this data。 So I think at this point in your project，changing future structure is a good idea，

After this four model, I found that expand the model zero,maybe the model one only the financial data per perfect best。I wondering that maybe the usage of these data is not so Safi probationary period.I should change the feature structure or I should change the input of this data。So I think at this point in your project，changing future structure is a good idea，
说话人2 12:52
because I think we need to be starting to thinking about writing up the report。So I wouldn't keep changing the model at this point。

because I think we need to be starting to thinking about writing up the report。So I wouldn't keep changing the model at this point。
说话人3 13:00
&nbspBut I have done of the changing or I I have as拿在这 model of this for model，but i'm not change the features，but I have changed the imports way。就进去代理，

Take the But I have done of the changing or I I have as here, model of this for model, but I'm not change the features,but I have changed the imports way。 Just go in and act as an agent.
说话人1 13:21
谢谢。

Thank you.
说话人3 13:23
&nbspI use different encoder of shaping the financial and remove something and the like and get the embedding feature。 I input into the model，use a different model like the gnn of the shipping like.

I use different encoder of shaping the financial and remove something and the like and get the embedding feature。I input into the model，use a different model like the gnn of the shipping like.
说话人1 13:50
&nbspthe.

the.
说话人3 13:52
&nbspremote sensing，a specific model of the remote sensing and use。

remote sensing，a specific model of the remote sensing and use。

也。

Also.
说话人1 14:11
明白。因为这个出来的意思。谢谢。一圈来的。

Understand. Because this comes out of the meaning. Thank you. It's a lap.
说话人2 14:35
华南生的 call，can you talk me through this means going on Or anybody？

South China born call, can you talk me through this means going on Or anybody?
说话人3 14:42
&nbspCause.

Cause.
说话人1 14:44
谢谢。

Thank you.
说话人3 14:53
现在这话话稍微查， I use this in code is like the temporal.

Now I use this in code is like the temporal.

&nbspa it's a network model true。

a it's a network model true。
说话人2 15:12
And is that something you found in the literature？ Where did you find it in the literature plan？ Which paper.

And is that something you found in the literature？ Where did you find it in the literature plan？ Which paper.
说话人3 15:20
&nbspall of these method is from the literature， but no one combine these methods into one project。I only combine this method。 I could use the tz then to get a32 a dimension of the future。 And I can put this feature into machine learning model to get the m one。The model depends。

all of these method is from the literature， but no one combine these methods into one project。 I only combine this method。I could use the tz then to get a32 a dimension of the future。And I can put this feature into machine learning model to get the m one。 The model depends。
说话人2 16:06
So can I repeat back to you to make sure I understand what i'm saying or what you're saying？ You're saying you've added an additional layer where you are encoding the data before putting it into the xg boost model。

So can I repeat back to you to make sure I understand what i'm saying or what you're saying？You're saying you've added an additional layer where you are encoding the data before putting it into the xg boost model。
说话人3 16:22
&nbspNo，cause the tree model is not perform well offer。

No，cause the tree model is not perform well offer。

&nbspof the32 diversion。Ok I changed the model into a。

of the32 diversion。 Ok I changed the model into a。
说话人2 16:41
&nbspdeep learning model。 You've changed your model architecture to a deep learning model。

deep learning model。 You've changed your model architecture to a deep learning model。
说话人3 16:51
&nbspIt's similar in the remorse sanctions。I use import cost is preview，which is you is a common in court method of the remote sensing。 I guess I use this enclosure to get an embedding还是铺起第一次进去的。

It's similar in the remorse sanctions。I use import cost is preview，which is you is a common in court method of the remote sensing。I guess I use this enclosure to get an embedding for the first time.
说话人2 17:25
&nbspIf you're using a deep learning architecture，how many layers of nodes does it have helping the talent possible deep.

If you're using a deep learning architecture，how many layers of nodes does it have helping the talent possible deep.

&nbspthat choose？

that choose？
说话人1 17:39
好，

OK,
说话人3 17:40
man。 I'm sorry，I i'm not sure what's the new years means。

man。 I'm sorry，I i'm not sure what's the new years means。
说话人2 17:53
&nbspOkay， you said you're using the deep neural network。 What is the structure of a deep neural network？

Okay， you said you're using the deep neural network。 What is the structure of a deep neural network？
说话人1 18:03
基本上。

Basically.
说话人3 18:05
是 it's different neural network is to neural network。 Tcl is the temporal.

It's a it's different neural network is to neural network. Tcl is the temporal.
说话人2 18:35
&nbspa temporal convolutional network。

a temporal convolutional network。
说话人3 18:38
&nbspAnd I just use this，and I i'm not to the structure or something of this。

And I just use this，and I i'm not to the structure or something of this。
说话人2 18:51
还可以。

Fair to middling.
说话人3 18:53
&nbspThe remote scene I use this one.

The remote scene I use this one.
说话人1 18:58
&nbspcalled.

called.
说话人3 19:01
&nbsppreserve。 It's it's a common method from the literature。I use this，I can figure out the satellite image.

preserve。 It's it's a common method from the literature。 I use this，I can figure out the satellite image.

4个字，按的水平对车在这里 graph neural network。

Four words, press the level of the car here graph neural network.
说话人2 19:34
&nbspThis is a lot of different models。You just described three different deep learning frameworks，

This is a lot of different models。 You just described three different deep learning frameworks，

&nbspokay，

okay，
说话人1 19:48
体会

Experience
说话人3 20:29
&nbspwhich different models of area is different machinery model。

which different models of area is different machinery model。
说话人2 20:34
&nbspDo you know what each of these machine learning models does？

Do you know what each of these machine learning models does？
说话人3 20:42
&nbspWhat's mean the stars like this from a literature or is from the.

What's mean the stars like this from a literature or is from the.
说话人2 20:47
&nbspdo you understand what the model is actually trying to？ Do you understand the network？Do you understand the inputs and the outputs for each of these models？You can explain it。

do you understand what the model is actually trying to？ Do you understand the network？Do you understand the inputs and the outputs for each of these models？ You can explain it。
说话人3 20:58
Okay，like the the convolutional network，maybe is I put13 the two dimension。And it could this is the imports and I will modify the fine.

Okay，like the the convolutional network，maybe is I put13 the two dimension。And it could this is the imports and I will modify the fine.

他们一。

One of them.
说话人2 21:33
起来传球。

Get up and pass the ball.
说话人3 21:37
的convolution。Several times。

The convolution of. Several times。
说话人2 21:43
&nbspAnd why is that necessary？

And why is that necessary？
说话人3 21:48
&nbspBecause if I choose the if like the flat model in the previous model，I choose which feature is important or which it is important。But like the tzni can put all the data into对孕后期， this model could find out which feature is important or maybe it could find it out lost information in the flat model。

Because if I choose the if like the flat model in the previous model，I choose which feature is important or which it is important。 The But like the tzni can put all the data into is beneficial to the later period of pregnancy,this model could find out which feature is important or maybe it could find it out lost information in the flat model。
说话人2 22:24
Okay。

Okay。
说话人3 22:26
And the remote sensing cost this remote sensing data in image。 If I user csv it may be lost。

And the remote sensing cost this remote sensing data in image。 If I user csv it may be lost。
说话人2 22:41
&nbspUnderstand the csv is too simple。It compresses information。Yeah。

Understand the csv is too simple。 It compresses information。 Yeah。
说话人3 22:47
&nbspThis model is just like a how to say it's a computer vision model which is used， especially for the remote sensing。

This model is just like a how to say it's a computer vision model which is used， especially for the remote sensing。
说话人2 23:02
&nbspthe car。I don't quite understand what you're doing，but do you want to tell me for your results？

the car。 I don't quite understand what you're doing，but do you want to tell me for your results？
说话人3 23:32
&nbspThey speed them.

They speed them.
说话人1 23:35
&nbspin.

in.
说话人3 23:38
&nbspthe model wise，deep learning model which is model financial。Okay，and it is perfect better than the flat model。

the model wise，deep learning model which is model financial。 Okay，and it is perfect better than the flat model。
说话人1 23:52
陶瓷的瓷。

Porcelain of ceramics.
说话人2 23:55
都可以，

All right,
说话人3 23:58
你。

You.

对，时间都。 Model， sorry，this is the model to model financial and the emotion thing。 It's perfect better than the model true as well， but it's。

Yeah, all the time. Model， sorry，this is the model to model financial and the emotion thing。It's perfect better than the model true as well， but it's。
说话人2 24:23
&nbspstill performing worse than what zero.

still performing worse than what zero.
说话人3 24:26
保持的。 The model the financial， It's the ship which is model three d planning model is better than model zero。Because the remote sensing data is.

Keep it. The model the financial， It's the ship which is model three d planning model is better than model zero。Because the remote sensing data is.
说话人1 24:43
&nbspI.

I.
说话人3 24:44
&nbspwant to say it's not so useful in the oil price。It is a。

want to say it's not so useful in the oil price。 It is a。
说话人2 24:52
靠门id的车身。Okay， so does she？

Body near the door ID. Okay， so does she？
说话人3 24:58
No，you continue on the shipping data is the shipping data has lost has more information about which could use for the oil price。Do you。

No，you continue on the shipping data is the shipping data has lost has more information about which could use for the oil price。Do you。
说话人2 25:09
&nbspthink this is a big improvement on top zero？

think this is a big improvement on top zero？
说话人3 25:14
&nbspBecause this is square is smaller.

Because this is square is smaller.
说话人1 25:20
的。

Yes.
说话人3 25:22
意思吗？ It's not so.

Does that mean something? It's not so.
说话人2 25:34
&nbspTo me I read about as being a very minor improvement on what was it。

To me I read about as being a very minor improvement on what was it。
说话人3 25:39
&nbspBut there is the model，every model maybe can not。这一次的矛头介入，老师也是承包的个人。是我 little improvement his enough for the oil price， yeah。 To the m four of which combines the financial shipping and remote sensing model，it's better than water zero as well，but it's not perform better than the model of financial and shipping。So maybe I The shipping date is the most useful improvements in the whole project and only use the graph and the structure between the data。It could make these data you form。

But there is the model，every model maybe can not。 This time, the spearhead intervened, and the teacher was also a contractor.Little improvement his enough for the oil price, yeah.To the m four of which combines the financial shipping and remote sensing model，it's better than water zero as well，but it's not perform better than the model of financial and shipping。So maybe I The shipping date is the most useful improvements in the whole project and only use the graph and the structurebetween the data。 It could make these data you form。
说话人2 26:49
&nbspSo are you telling me is this going to be your main finding of your report？

So are you telling me is this going to be your main finding of your report？
说话人3 26:54
&nbspThe usage of this data？

The usage of this data？
说话人2 27:01
Yes，so are you going to include all of these models in your report？

Yes，so are you going to include all of these models in your report？
说话人3 27:07
&nbspI'm not sure。Maybe I could use the models。Zero model e to model four and model e deep to model for deep。It's too much or。

I'm not sure。 Maybe I could use the models。 Zero model e to model four and model e deep to model for deep。It's too much or。
说话人2 27:25
&nbspI seeing as you have done all of them，you could include all of these tables as long as you make it clear what all these columns mean，what these mean。 Because to me reading this now，I don't really understand what these are.

I seeing as you have done all of them，you could include all of these tables as long as you make it clear what all these columns mean，what these mean。Because to me reading this now，I don't really understand what these are.
说话人3 27:39
&nbspso to.

so to.
说话人2 27:40
&nbspmake these tables a lot clearer and actually make it clear for each one is。 So to me，the way to present these results is that you've tried a lot of different model and data combinations and nothing really improves on model zero。

make these tables a lot clearer and actually make it clear for each one is。 So to me，the way to present these results is that you've tried a lot of different model and data combinations and nothing reallyimproves on model zero。

&nbspThis model has a minor improvement。

This model has a minor improvement。

&nbspYeah，that would be how I present the results。

Yeah，that would be how I present the results。
说话人3 28:10
&nbspI got that。Ii I could only explain this model。

I got that。 Ii I could only explain this model。
说话人2 28:19
I think I could explain all the models on，but only one has shown any sort of improvement from the baseline。

I think I could explain all the models on，but only one has shown any sort of improvement from the baseline。
说话人1 28:30
&nbspI got that

I got that
说话人2 28:36
&nbspso in terms of your project，I think the next thing is to start thinking about how you're gonna write up this work to report。Yeah，I wrote the literature review。 How did you get on the writing literature review？ Sorry， how did you get on with writing？How did you find it writing。

so in terms of your project， I think the next thing is to start thinking about how you're gonna write up this work to report。Yeah，I wrote the literature review。 How did you get on the writing literature review？Sorry， how did you get on with writing？ How did you find it writing。
说话人3 28:57
&nbspit？ First，I wrote the sample of the literature from the previous students and I try to so I I when I modify the structure，I have rights the

it？First，I wrote the sample of the literature from the previous students and I try to so I I when I modify the structure，I have rights the

&nbsphow to say ii first read the literature and then I find out the methods。 I try to explain this，I tried to climb clap this literature into。

how to say ii first read the literature and then I find out the methods。I try to explain this，I tried to climb clap this literature into。
说话人2 29:45
有。

Have.
说话人1 29:47
&nbsphow to do that.

how to do that.
说话人3 29:50
&nbspstructure this back？

structure this back？
说话人2 29:53
&nbspYou wrote this。

You wrote this。
说话人3 29:56
Yeah，to be honest， aiu the the first word and I rewrite this from the us.

Yeah，to be honest， aiu the the first word and I rewrite this from the us.
说话人2 30:08
&nbspschool and is it did you identify the literature to go in or did the aii.

school and is it did you identify the literature to go in or did the aii.
说话人3 30:14
&nbspknow iii okay， I read every one of these，but only the structure of these is ai.

know iii okay， I read every one of these，but only the structure of these is ai.
说话人2 30:25
&nbspokay。If you send me your literature review，I can have a look at it and give you feedback。Okay，3月3日没事。

okay。 If you send me your literature review，I can have a look at it and give you feedback。 Okay, March 3rd is fine.
说话人3 30:45
当然双方当时那边 i'm not sure maybe 3,000 words is proper or not，but The samples and this dissertation response to2,500 words to 404,000.

Of course, the two sides were I'm not sure maybe 3,000 words is proper or not at that time.but The samples and this dissertation response to2,500 words to 404,000.
说话人2 31:11
words，how long is you have an upper limit right on your full dissertation？Is that 10,000words？Yeah， you can always cast the wording down later。

words，how long is you have an upper limit right on your full dissertation？ Is that 10,000words？Yeah， you can always cast the wording down later。
说话人1 31:24
Ok，也。

Ok, also.
说话人3 31:31
那时候没有出大有的意思。Keyboard in a literature review。

There was no big meaning at that time. Keyboard in a literature review。
说话人2 31:38
So what does the table show？Why is this table。

So what does the table show？ Why is this table。
说话人3 31:41
&nbsponly explains the different the thoughts and the limitation on this resource which is found in the literature。

only explains the different the thoughts and the limitation on this resource which is found in the literature。
说话人2 31:54
This looks good，but to me it's missing the literature。If it feels like it should have the citations are referring。

This looks good，but to me it's missing the literature。 If it feels like it should have the citations are referring。
说话人3 32:00
&nbspto。 I got that

to。 I got that
说话人2 32:04
&nbspI like the idea of writing as a table，but you'd expect the literature to be cited here，

I like the idea of writing as a table，but you'd expect the literature to be cited here，
说话人3 32:10
&nbspalthough.

although.

你不知道。老师说不好意思，

You don't know. The teacher said he was sorry.

对，猫的cos。

Yeah, cat cos.

&nbspFirst，should I put the model zero into this project？

First，should I put the model zero into this project？
说话人2 33:09
&nbspTo me，it's very important because model zero shows that your results are largely null。

To me，it's very important because model zero shows that your results are largely null。

&nbspNo results are okay。It's disappointing when we find no results，but you should still present them。 What you've shown is you have this model zero on you've tried these other models，but ultimately model zero is better。

No results are okay。 It's disappointing when we find no results，but you should still present them。What you've shown is you have this model zero on you've tried these other models，but ultimately model zero is better。
说话人1 33:33
&nbspI.

I.
说话人3 33:35
&nbspgot that。 Should I compare like the the flight model and the model with the model one or just with the model zero？

got that。 Should I compare like the the flight model and the model with the model one or just with the model zero？
说话人2 33:52
&nbspI think you can compare them with both。 So models two，models one，model two，model three，and model four are all worse than model zero。 But you could say，for example，here is this model one。 This is the model one。 This is model two。

I think you can compare them with both。So models two，models one，model two，model three，and model four are all worse than model zero。But you could say，for example，here is this model one。 This is the model one。 This is model two。
说话人3 34:15
&nbspIt's model three。Sorry。

It's model three。 Sorry。
说话人2 34:18
&nbspMaybe some consistent naming very good。 Here you could then say。So for example，here，but maybe in this one of them was slightly better than the other。Is that correct？Can you take me back to the table for these results？

Maybe some consistent naming very good。 Here you could then say。So for example，here，but maybe in this one of them was slightly better than the other。 Is that correct？Can you take me back to the table for these results？
说话人3 34:35
1223。

1223。
说话人1 34:43
天的。

My God.
说话人2 34:44
&nbspmodels，one，model two，model three，and model four are all worse model zero。 However，when you compare them internally model three，xg boost and model four，xg boost are better than model one。

models，one，model two，model three，and model four are all worse model zero。However，when you compare them internally model three，xg boost and model four，xg boost are better than model one。

&nbspThat's what your table is telling me。Yeah。

That's what your table is telling me。 Yeah。
说话人3 35:12
&nbspFrom this，I can see that the shipping data is useful，inspects the financial data。

From this，I can see that the shipping data is useful，inspects the financial data。
说话人2 35:22
Right？ I think you could say the shipping data adds some information， but ultimately all models are still worse than the baseline。

Right？I think you could say the shipping data adds some information， but ultimately all models are still worse than the baseline。
说话人1 35:37
&nbspI love.

I love.
说话人3 35:40
&nbspthat。And for the。

that。 And for the。
说话人2 35:42
&nbspfor this one，you could say the models have。

for this one，you could say the models have。

&nbspokay， that's good。I think this is。

okay， that's good。 I think this is。
说话人1 35:55
&nbspmore consistent naming

more consistent naming
说话人2 36:02
&nbsphere you could say model zero still performed very well。 We did see a slight improvement on model zero with model three and also model four，but the improvement was very small。Yeah，is however% of these results，okay？

here you could say model zero still performed very well。We did see a slight improvement on model zero with model three and also model four，but the improvement was very small。Yeah，is however% of these results，okay？
说话人3 36:27
只I胖片子。

Only I fat film.

&nbspModel one is the model One d this is also a financial indicator， the smaller，the better。

Model one is the model One d this is also a financial indicator， the smaller，the better。
说话人2 36:51
&nbspThis is a financial indicator is to me here。You're just comparing a flat framework to a deep。

This is a financial indicator is to me here。 You're just comparing a flat framework to a deep。
说话人1 37:00
&nbspframework。

framework。
说话人2 37:01
所以我也在翻出来就可以了。

So I'm also turning it out.
说话人1 37:08
是的。

Yes.
说话人3 37:16
Feet hard to walk a year later。

Feet hard to walk a year later。
说话人2 37:19
&nbspBut so you found that the what is this showing that the deep framework is generally better than the flat framework？Yeah， that's fine，I think present as a result。 In terms of results，you have a flat model。 M zero is best comparing is it and free？

But so you found that the what is this showing that the deep framework is generally better than the flat framework？Yeah， that's fine，I think present as a result。 In terms of results，you have a flat model。M zero is best comparing is it and free？
说话人1 37:58
&nbspYeah。

Yeah。
说话人2 38:10
&nbspThat's the first result for flat model。 Baseline is the best， but when you compare the other ones，the shipping data does seem to at least improve on just financial。 You don't have your deep model in your deep model。And there are still very good。Yeah。

That's the first result for flat model。 Baseline is the best， but when you compare the other ones，the shipping data does seem to at least improve on just financial。 You don't have your deep model in your deep model。And there are still very good。 Yeah。

刚才陌生 and free and for.

Just now, the stranger was and free and for.
说话人1 38:42
&nbspdeep。

deep。
说话人2 38:46
&nbspSmall improvement，

Small improvement，

&nbspand then flat versus deep。Deep is that across all？ That seems like that's really clear as you have three key results for your model section。 You've said you've done all of these different modeling frameworks and these results.

and then flat versus deep。 Deep is that across all？That seems like that's really clear as you have three key results for your model section。You've said you've done all of these different modeling frameworks and these results.
说话人3 39:24
&nbspI can just do the teapot to。

I can just do the teapot to。
说话人2 39:38
Yeah you have to also explain that but you can use the table looks like this。

Yeah you have to also explain that but you can use the table looks like this。
说话人3 39:44
&nbspI got that。 I'm not sure this structure is it's enough or it's too much for the.

I got that。 I'm not sure this structure is it's enough or it's too much for the.
说话人2 40:00
&nbspinstitution。 I think you've done it now，so it makes sense to put it in。Mhm。What it would be really good for me is to see a draft structure for your dissertation。 Can you lay out what each section of your dissertation is gonna be and what the main points are gonna be in each section， for example，introduction，literature，review，methods，results，discussion，and then for me，write some bullet points as to what's gonna be in each section。

institution。 I think you've done it now，so it makes sense to put it in。 Mhm。What it would be really good for me is to see a draft structure for your dissertation。Can you lay out what each section of your dissertation is gonna be and what the main points are gonna be in each section，for example，introduction，literature，review，methods，results，discussion，and then for me，write some bullet points as to what's gonna be in each section。

&nbspFor example，in result，you're gonna present your flat model，the deep module in flat person model versus your deep model。 So that would be really good if you can send that to me。 And then I can check that the structure of the dissertation is correct。

For example，in result，you're gonna present your flat model，the deep module in flat person model versus your deep model。So that would be really good if you can send that to me。And then I can check that the structure of the dissertation is correct。
说话人3 40:48
&nbspIi will write it and offer you。And should I to compare the different figures from the different disorders and to figure out which is important in different times in different years like maybe like a model for it combines financial data shipping，remote sensing and like in2010，maybe shipping this is important，but in2005，maybe remote sensing，this is important。

Ii will write it and offer you。And should I to compare the different figures from the different disorders and to figure out which is important in differenttimes in different years like maybe like a model for it combines financial data shipping， remote sensing and like in2010，maybe shipping this is important，but in2005，maybe remote sensing，this is important。
说话人2 41:44
&nbspCan you tell that from your model or from your data.

Can you tell that from your model or from your data.
说话人3 41:49
&nbspcause the combination of the the compile combination method of the different data，which is used in model form， which called these modular tickets。It's crude put out which features are important like the shap.

cause the combination of the the compile combination method of the different data，which is used in model form，which called these modular tickets。 It's crude put out which features are important like the shap.
说话人2 42:17
&nbspokay，so you're saying we have to do something like a shop to understand which area was important。Yeah。I think that's a good idea。I would only do it for that one good deep model， because all of your other models were worse than the baseline。 If you're going to do it，only do it for the one which improved。

okay，so you're saying we have to do something like a shop to understand which area was important。 Yeah。I think that's a good idea。I would only do it for that one good deep model， because all of your other models were worse than the baseline。If you're going to do it，only do it for the one which improved。
说话人3 42:45
&nbspon。 So should I use this like pause，the model three d model is better than model for the deep model， but this has a remote sense indeed，but it's only the financial data and shipping data should I.

on。 So should I use this like pause，the model three d model is better than model for the deep model，but this has a remote sense indeed，but it's only the financial data and shipping data should I.
说话人2 43:09
&nbspmaybe I think it would still make more sense to it for model free，but you could do it for both essentially。

maybe I think it would still make more sense to it for model free，but you could do it for both essentially。
说话人3 43:21
&nbspI could only focus on the deep learning model， the flat model，

I could only focus on the deep learning model， the flat model，
说话人2 43:28
&nbspI think，just the deep learning models。

I think，just the deep learning models。
说话人3 43:31
&nbspbecause.

because.
说话人2 43:32
&nbspit doesn't make sense to show variable importance in a model which is worse than baseline。

it doesn't make sense to show variable importance in a model which is worse than baseline。
说话人1 43:39
Ok，好好。

Ok, okay.
说话人3 43:41
&nbspI got that。

I got that。
说话人2 43:43
&nbspSo I think it would be really nice if you can show variable importance，but only do it for these two。

So I think it would be really nice if you can show variable importance，but only do it for these two。
说话人3 43:49
Okay，I got that。 So maybe I should write the draft of my dissertation and I will send it to.

Okay，I got that。 So maybe I should write the draft of my dissertation and I will send it to.
说话人2 44:01
&nbspyou in a few days。 That would be great if you can send it to me within the next week。That would be good and I can have a look at the intellectual structure is correct。

you in a few days。 That would be great if you can send it to me within the next week。That would be good and I can have a look at the intellectual structure is correct。

&nbspIs there any more questions was today？

Is there any more questions was today？
说话人3 44:22
&nbspNo costs。 Maybe I should explain the structure of this product for.

No costs。 Maybe I should explain the structure of this product for.
说话人2 44:30
&nbspI think that would be good。 I think it's a good next step is take some time to think about how you're gonna present your dissertation。 What's gonna be going in methods for quite a day to us，you're gonna have to probably say quite a time explaining the data， what's gonna be inclusion results，what's gonna be a discussion。

I think that would be good。I think it's a good next step is take some time to think about how you're gonna present your dissertation。What's gonna be going in methods for quite a day to us， you're gonna have to probably say quite a time explaining the data，what's gonna be inclusion results，what's gonna be a discussion。
说话人3 44:48
&nbspI got because I spend too much time on the model and on the more method using.

I got because I spend too much time on the model and on the more method using.
说话人2 44:59
&nbspfigure out exactly what's going in your dissertation。 Yeah。

figure out exactly what's going in your dissertation。 Yeah。
说话人1 45:05
&nbspThanks。I will。

Thanks。 I will。
说话人3 45:08
&nbsptry to write the objects as.

try to write the objects as.
说话人2 45:11
&nbspyeah，that would be great。And if you send to me，I can check，but it's the correct structure。 Thank you。Okay。

yeah，that would be great。 And if you send to me，I can check，but it's the correct structure。 Thank you。 Okay。
说话人1 45:19
当I want you。

When I want you.
说话人3 45:21
&nbspemail to the next from the states meeting.

email to the next from the states meeting.

的 when，you show the next meeting，

When, you show the next meeting,
说话人2 45:36
&nbspcan you remind me what the.

can you remind me what the.
说话人3 45:40
&nbspit's august。Twenty，20， it's august。

it's august。 Twenty，20， it's august。
说话人2 45:49
&nbspSo I could meet you will probably be our last in person meeting。Is wednesday the29th？

So I could meet you will probably be our last in person meeting。 Is wednesday the29th？
说话人3 45:59
2029，right？ Yeah。

2029，right？ Yeah。
说话人2 46:06
&nbspOne，

One，
说话人1 46:07
&nbspI will send you a nearby office。Okay。

I will send you a nearby office。 Okay。
说话人3 46:34
&nbspI will try to make the product。 Yeah，I that's a good thing to work。 It's very important。 Okay。 Yeah，maybe I explain it's not very。

I will try to make the product。 Yeah，I that's a good thing to work。 It's very important。 Okay。Yeah，maybe I explain it's not very。
说话人2 46:49
&nbspwhat I think it'll be important to think about how you're going to explain it。

what I think it'll be important to think about how you're going to explain it。
说话人1 46:55
&nbspOkay。这个还行不行？还有一个道理，好，谢谢。

Okay。 Is this all right? There is another reason. Okay, thank you.
