转写结果
说话人1 00:08
Ok byebye. Nasa byebye. Byebye. Nasa. Nasa. Byebye. Nasa, nasa, nasa. Ok. Byebye nasa, nasa. Nasa. Nasa byebye. Byebye. Byebye. Ok, byebye. Nasa, nasa, nana. Ok. Nasa. Nasa, nasa. Byebye. Byebye. Nasa. Byebye, byebye. Nasa, nasa nasa. Ok. Nasa nasa.

好的，再见。NASA再见。拜拜。美国宇航局，美国宇航局。拜拜。太空总署，太空总署，太空总署。好吧。再见，NASA，NASA。美国太空总署。NASA再见。拜拜。拜拜。好的，再见。美国宇航局，美国宇航局，娜娜。好的，美国宇航局，美国宇航局，美国宇航局拜拜。拜拜。美国太空总署。拜拜拜拜。国家航空航天局，国家航空航天局。好吧。美国宇航局。
说话人2 08:19
Byebye. Yeah, it's the weather is hot chicken. I know it was like kind of the heat waves. I guess 33 today which is really hot, yeah. Very helpful london at least, but the temperature of the previous days is very common. Yes, I prepared it recently. I ideally like when it's about 25 years my sweet spot. So.

拜拜。是的，天气很热。我知道这有点像热浪。我猜今天是33，真的很热，是的。至少在伦敦很有帮助，但前几天的温度很正常。是的，我最近准备的。理想情况下，我喜欢25年左右是我的甜蜜点。那么。

I love your shoes, by the way. This is so funky, very good. Okay, so.

顺便说一句，我喜欢你的鞋子。这太时髦了，非常好。好的，那么。
说话人1 09:02
nasa,

美国国家航空航天局，
说话人2 09:29
since the meeting, I have rewrite the literature review, but I have some uncertainties about the literature review and the whole of the yeah, that we should let me frame my.

自从那次会议以来，我重写了文献综述，但我对文献综述有一些不确定，是的，我们应该让我把我的框架。
说话人1 09:49
whatever is the button and not.

不管是按钮还是不是。
说话人2 09:52
just refresh on it. So today is gonna be our last dissertation meeting as well. I should have. It doesn't be the last one for you so that.

只要刷新它。所以今天也是我们最后一次论文会议。我应该有的。这对你来说不是最后一个，所以。
说话人1 10:07
byebye.

拜拜。

Ok, o

好的，O
说话人2 10:16
let me take some away on your leave. So this would be the last one. Okay? Yeah.

让我在你的左边带走一些。所以这将是最后一个。好的？是啊。
说话人1 10:23
Nh is sh.

NH为SH。
说话人2 10:31
This will be the last meeting. What I was gonna say today is that, as I said, upstart im happy to read and look through a full draft before you submit it, but you need to send it to me by next wednesday at the latest. I want to do that. So once over there, nasa spa. Ok. Ok.

这将是最后一次会议。我今天想说的是，正如我所说的，暴发户我很乐意在你提交之前阅读和浏览完整的草稿，但你最迟需要在下周三之前把它发给我。我想这么做。所以一旦到了那里，美国宇航局温泉。好的，好的
说话人1 11:08
Ok.

好吧。
说话人2 11:10
Everybody can look at your structure and look at your literature being become to reach for the rest, to be the next one thing, because it was our country be back on hoping there.

每个人都可以看看你的结构，看看你的文学正在成为其他的东西，成为下一个东西，因为这是我们的国家回到那里的希望。

I write the first chapter, chapter of the introduction. Okay. I have seen someone write the abstract of the previous definition. This is from the dissertation is on the middle. Let's check the structure meaning.

我写的是第一章，即绪论部分。好的。我看到有人写了前面定义的摘要。这是论文的中间部分。让我们检查一下结构和含义。
说话人1 11:51
Nana. Ok. Ok. Byebye.

奶奶，好的，好的拜拜。
说话人2 12:09
Byebye. I do not realize this. So if you do have an abstract is this, can you get a structured document follow.

拜拜。我没有意识到这一点。所以如果你有一个抽象的东西，你能得到一个结构化的文档吗？
说话人1 12:22
a no cc, nasa.

A无CC，NASA。
说话人2 12:54
Yeah, they do, say an abstract. So here, this is probably the best thing to follow it. Says a bit of me description in this document. Have you seen this on the middle page? And so there's a section here on.

是的，他们做了，说一个摘要。所以在这里，这可能是最好的事情遵循它。在这份文件中说了一些我的描述。你在中间一页看到这个了吗？所以这里有一节。

like i'm just saying the abstract, I.

就像我只是在说抽象的，我。
说话人1 13:25
wanna say it.

想说出来。
说话人2 13:28
And that would be, so it makes sense, right? And then I wrote the background of the oil price. But if I write the oil on the background here, should I write the why should we forecast the oil price in the literature review? That's a good question. I guess I was looking at your literature review without the introduction. So the introduction to really introduce the whole report, but it can also introduce some context for the topic. So maybe it's okay if it's covered in the instruction, okay, then I actually agree of or I should write a small being asked. I found that it may be yes. So I obviously I have a gradual introduction. I thought you read your literature review. So I you probably don't need to repeat the same thing twice. Can you show me this?

那就是，所以这是有道理的，对吧？然后我写了油价的背景。但是，如果我在这里把石油写在背景上，我是否应该在文献综述中写“为什么我们应该预测石油价格？”这是个好问题。我想我是在看你没有介绍的文献综述。所以引言要真正介绍整个报告，但它也可以为主题介绍一些背景。所以如果它包含在说明中，好的，那么我实际上同意，或者我应该写一个小的被问到。我发现可能是的。所以我很明显我有一个渐进的介绍。我以为你读过你的文学评论。所以你可能不需要重复同样的事情两次。你能给我看看这个吗？
说话人1 14:55
Nasa?

国家航空航天局？
说话人2 15:09
Yeah, I quite I don't mind it, and it's only one sentence.

是的，我不介意，而且只有一句话。
说话人1 15:12
Nasa.

美国太空总署。
说话人2 15:14
The justification is in your sentence, so I think its fine, its not too repetitive. I I think reading this second sentence, I would break this up into multiple sentences. So you write this chapter reviews, the literature that defines how such forecasts are built and judged, and I would go full stop. They would say this includes economic, econometric and machine learning, all price models, shipping, and resonance and proxies, multi mode fusion and evaluation practice. Who stop? I don't state the research got this dissertation addresses. All we have got is a trade.

理由就在你的句子里，所以我认为这很好，不会太重复。我想读第二句话，我会把它分成多个句子。所以你写了这一章的评论，这些文献定义了这种预测是如何建立和判断的，我会完全停止。他们会说，这包括经济学、计量经济学和机器学习、所有价格模型、航运、共振和代理、多模式融合和评估实践。谁停下来？我没有说明这篇论文的研究地址。我们得到的只是一笔交易。
说话人1 15:59
Nasa.

美国太空总署。
说话人2 16:12
Write the policy in the background, but I found that there is no such a policy that's related to the oil price. There's no specific. What do you mean? Exactly? Is this in response to my feedback? In the dedication lecture, professor liu said that we should relate to the dedication with them and current work, but is expected. So I think that probably is policy of it, because think of the way that choices about international trade and foreign affairs is often related to preserving oil prices.

在后台写政策，但是我发现没有这样一个与油价有关的政策。没有具体的。你是什么意思？就是这样？这是对我的反馈的回应吗？在奉献讲座上，刘教授说，我们应该把奉献与他们和目前的工作联系起来，而且是被期待的。所以我认为这可能是它的政策，因为想想关于国际贸易和外交事务的选择往往与维持油价有关。

So i'd say it has a lot of context. I got that it may relate you to the like the remote sensing and shipping is. I think that's very relevant. There might not be one specific policy, but policy refers to so I guess rule just medical applications, and however, is redressed on.

所以我会说它有很多背景。我知道它可能会把你和遥感和航运联系起来。我认为这很有关系。可能没有一个具体的政策，但政策指的是，所以我猜规则只是医疗应用，然而，是纠正的。
说话人1 17:37
All right.

好吧。
说话人2 17:39
A good place to start. If you're in triple policies, maybe read some news items about current oil prices or oil markets. Because that might give you an idea of what policies that other one.

一个很好的起点。如果你在三重政策中，也许可以阅读一些关于当前石油价格或石油市场的新闻。因为这可能会让你知道另一个是什么政策。
说话人1 17:58
Byebye.

拜拜。
说话人2 18:03
Literature review, I found that I wrote too much in this chapter. Byebye. For someone I wrote the about 4,000, wrote on what? In their education. But if I wrote too much, I have no words in the chapter three methodology and result. So I think it we only care about the total worker. The total work count is 10,000. Is that right? 10,000 ~ it is. So if this patient should be 10,000 to 12,000 words,

文献综述，我发现这一章我写得太多了。拜拜。我为某人写了大约4000，写了什么？在他们的教育中。但是如果我写得太多，我在第三章的方法和结果中没有文字。所以我认为我们只关心全体工人。总工作量为10，000。对不对？10000~它是。所以如果这个病人应该是10000到12000个单词，
说话人1 18:55
okay.

好的。
说话人2 18:58
So if you write less, there's no penalty, but if you write more, you get a penalty in the market. So don't write more than 12,000 words, and I would say aim for 10,000 is a really good thing to aim for. Okay, adding more words isn't good unless they say something meaningful. Email. This is one of the challenges of writing along the document is editing what you've written down. So look through what you've written. If you're worried that you've written too much, I think what are you like? Look at the sentences. What is this sentence saying? What is it adding? Is it necessary? Like the fusion methods in the not in this one.

所以如果你写得少，就不会受到惩罚，但如果你写得多，你就会在市场上受到惩罚。所以不要写超过12，000字，我想说10，000字的目标是一件非常好的事情。好吧，增加更多的词是不好的，除非他们说一些有意义的东西。电子邮件。编写文档的挑战之一是编辑您所写下的内容。所以看看你写的东西。如果你担心自己写得太多，我想你是什么样的人？看句子。这句话在说什么？它在增加什么？有必要吗？就像融合方法，而不是这个。
说话人1 19:53
Yeah. And.

是啊还有。
说话人2 19:56
the in the cold, I have tried to several fewer methods, but I only wrote the main methods in india. If I write the whole methods and the word is too much, I i'm not sure should I mention that I would focus on the ones which are most relevant to your own methodology. And then you could always add a sentence at the end, saying there are other fusion strategies. Byebye. But maybe something like they are, too, there's to make sense of different model frameworks to go into detail about him. So you can ignore the job. It's only

在寒冷中，我尝试了几种较少的方法，但我只写了印度的主要方法。如果我写了所有的方法，而这个词太多了，我不确定我是否应该提到我会专注于那些与你自己的方法最相关的方法。然后你可以在最后加上一句话，说还有其他的融合策略。拜拜。但也许像他们这样的人，也需要理解不同的模型框架，才能详细了解他。所以你可以忽略这份工作。这只是

if I didn't mention in the methodology, but I tried this in the code. Is it included in your method? Yeah, it is, but not known. Mean method. I have tried that, but the result is not good. So I didn't choose it. Okay. Like, will you still discuss it in your methodology or not? Because often we write lots of codes and experiments, but only some of that ends up in a math exception. So in your literature review, in your introduction, you should cover what is going to be in the math and section of the paper? No, everything you've tried. Does that answer your question? Yeah. Iii could just write a few sentence to. Yes, you could, if you want to acknowledge it as other methods, you could say that. Byebye. Make sure you addressed what you like to use.

如果我没有在方法中提到，但我在代码中尝试了这一点。它包含在你的方法中吗？是的，但不知道。平均法。我已经试过了，但结果并不好。所以我没有选择它。好的。比如，你还会在你的方法论中讨论它吗？因为我们经常编写大量的代码和实验，但其中只有一部分以数学异常结束。所以在你的文献综述中，在你的引言中，你应该涵盖论文的数学和部分。不，你试过的一切。这回答了你的问题吗？是啊。我只能写几句话。是的，你可以，如果你想承认它是其他方法，你可以这么说。拜拜。确保你的地址是你喜欢用的。
说话人1 22:06
Yeah.

是啊。
说话人2 22:10
Should I mention that method in the methodology or ii people on that? So professor, is there your methodology you've chosen, which model results are most interesting, correct? So you're gonna discuss the methodology used to achieve them. So i'd say in your, if you're running out of space in your introduction and literature review, focus on the methods, the many years in the methodology,

我应该在方法论中提到这个方法，还是应该在第二个人中提到这个方法？那么，教授，你选择的方法是什么，哪个模型的结果最有趣，对吗？所以你要讨论用来实现它们的方法。所以我想说，如果你的介绍和文献综述没有足够的篇幅，那就把重点放在方法上，放在多年的方法论上，

you don't need to discuss every possible method. Iii think about that.

你不需要讨论每一种可能的方法。我想一想。
说话人1 22:51
Nasa, nasa.

美国宇航局，美国宇航局。
说话人2 23:02
I'm not sure about the contribution of my meditation. I understand that the combine of the several models and several excess in the main contribution of my delegation. Yeah, enough for, I think, for a master's dissertation, that's fine. I think you wrote it in what you said it, correct.

我不确定我的冥想有什么贡献。我的理解是，在我国代表团的主要贡献中，几种模式和几种过剩加在一起。是的，足够了，我想，对于硕士论文来说，这很好。我想你把它写在你说的话里，对吗？
说话人1 23:32
Nasa.

美国太空总署。
说话人2 23:38
I think this is nice. I thought that was an exhibition. The incremental value will turn to data, because I think your work speaks to her quite well. Yeah, and you say you're gonna compare future architectures.

我觉得这很好。我以为那是个展览。增量价值将转向数据，因为我认为你的工作对她来说很好。是的，你说你要比较未来的建筑。
说话人1 23:53
I.

我。
说话人2 23:54
think this is good. It's enough, right? Yeah. When it comes to the methodology, I am not, right. I'm writing it at the moment, but should I write the ethical risk in the methodology? That's a good question. Let's check for

我觉得这很好。够了，对吧？是的。当谈到方法论时，我不是，对。我现在正在写，但我应该在方法论中写下道德风险吗？这是个好问题。让我们检查一下

yeah, so it says here that it should mention at the complications. So I I would just because you had a low risk ethics, I think you could just say something along the lines of this study was approved according to ucl low risk that ethics form. Okay, I cause from it as more than invalid, I think so it is.

是的，所以这里说应该提到并发症。所以我会说，因为你有一个低风险的道德规范，我想你可以说一些东西，根据伦敦大学学院的低风险道德规范形式，这项研究得到了批准。好吧，我认为它不仅仅是无效的，我认为它是无效的。
说话人1 25:09
sunshine.

阳光。
说话人2 25:14
Yeah, I think that would be what's needed. I know, I attended I conference, ii guess, sorry, I missed that. How did your presentation go? Yeah, it's I have introduced introduce my whole work and the professor said, I should introducing the study areas. But i'm not sure that the oil price is the whole world, and the area only mentioned in the remote sensing and shipping like about chalk ones. Okay, yeah. So when she said study area, she means the geographic areas, including the data sets. D is a I said, I mentioned that in the in the methodology, I list that, but I found that there are too much work. I like it. I think if ever once you include, this is the literature review or system left or liability, I think that's fine to listen. Could I use a graphic or a picture? I think i'd be really nice if you have a map and you can quite really like it will not be a really good thing, okay? That ii do not need people of these two clients or I don't think so. I think a map would be a really nice edition that if you had a world map and you labeled which before something that would help the reader to understand, I that will provide a bit more geographic content. Yeah. I do not need measure date in the introduction, right? Or I have mention the red and geographic locations in the introduction. You mentioned that you can be using shipping data. And I think you could say you're shipping data from key checkpoints, ppt,

是的，我想这正是我们所需要的。我知道，我参加了一个会议，我猜，对不起，我错过了。你的演讲怎么样？是的，我已经介绍了我的整个工作，教授说，我应该介绍研究领域。但我不确定石油价格是全世界的，而且这个地区只在遥感和航运中提到过，就像粉笔一样。好的，是的。所以当她说研究区域时，她指的是地理区域，包括数据集。D是我说过的，我在方法论中提到过，我列出了，但我发现有太多的工作。我喜欢它。我认为，如果一旦你包括，这是文献综述或系统或责任，我认为这是很好的倾听。我可以用图形或图片吗？我想如果你有一张地图，我会很好，你可以很喜欢它，这不是一件很好的事情，好吗？我不需要这两个客户的人，或者我不这么认为。我认为地图将是一个非常好的版本，如果你有一张世界地图，并在之前标记一些有助于读者理解的东西，这将提供更多的地理内容。是啊。我在介绍中不需要测量日期，对吗？或者我在介绍中提到了红色和地理位置。您提到您可以使用运输数据。我认为你可以说你正在传输来自关键检查点的数据，PPT，
说话人1 27:57
ios, nano, nasa,

IOS、Nano、NASA、
说话人2 28:01
n a professor said that I should focus on the story. I should tell a story instead of methods or the technical issues.

一位教授说我应该专注于这个故事。我应该讲一个故事，而不是方法或技术问题。

Other, I don't know that the recitation should put on the like a story telling all.

其他的，我不知道朗诵应该像讲故事一样。
说话人1 28:36
math.

数学。
说话人2 28:37
or the methodology or how the code works. So what you're aiming for when you write a dissertation is the methodology should be clear enough that someone else could replicate it. But what makes something interesting to read is that having a story to it, it makes it more interesting for the reader to engagement. So aiming to have some element of story is really good.

或者方法论或者代码如何工作。因此，当你写论文时，你的目标是方法论应该足够清晰，以便其他人可以复制它。但让阅读变得有趣的是，有一个故事，它会让读者更感兴趣。所以有一些故事的元素是非常好的。

I'd say one of the easiest ways to do it Is in the introduction to introduce the context of the problem really clearly. So say why we might care about oil prices and why that's topical at the moment in the international law. And then in the discussion, you would then discuss what your findings say, inflection to that. And that's the one quite easy way of bringing more narrative into that, is to create more context around why I should care about what you've done. Okay. The methodology is the main purpose of this methodology is to clear. It's clear, I told and someone could follow it kind of finish my repetition. I I could spend more work on the visios,

我认为最简单的方法之一就是在引言中清楚地介绍问题的背景。所以说，为什么我们可能会关心石油价格，为什么这是目前国际法中的热门话题。然后在讨论中，你会讨论你的发现所说的，对此的屈折。这是一个很简单的方法，把更多的叙述带入其中，就是围绕为什么我应该关心你所做的事情创造更多的背景。好的。方法论是这个方法论的主要目的是明确。“很清楚，”我说，"有人可以跟着它完成我的重复。我可以在Visios上花更多的功夫，
说话人1 30:20
rnir byebye, byebye.

再见，再见。
说话人2 30:39
We should submit the coding like guitar, wifi. I I don't know what you told to. I don't know. Sunshine. I am not sure where I should submit the code, or I do not need to submit the code. Since then the code won't be examined. The code doesn't get marked. If you want to include a link to your code, that's nice that it won't form part of the branch.

我们应该提交像吉他，WiFi这样的编码。我不知道你让我做什么。我不知道。阳光。我不确定我应该在哪里提交代码，或者我不需要提交代码。从那时起，代码将不会被检查。代码不会被标记。如果你想包含一个到你的代码的链接，它不会形成分支的一部分，这很好。
说话人1 31:18
Nasa.

美国太空总署。
说话人2 31:25
You can include the url like the student has to get a reward. But when your thesis is examined, these people, the people examining it might take a look at you all, get hungry code, but we're not gonna be reading from the code. Yeah, so i'd say include you've already got again, right? Is ef this looks really nice. So I do the same as far as students done and add a link to it. God. This is great. So maybe the details for this method of of the measures or.

你可以包括URL，就像学生必须得到奖励一样。但是当你的论文被审查时，这些人，审查它的人可能会看一看你们所有人，得到饥饿的代码，但我们不会从代码中阅读。是的，所以我会说包括你已经得到的，对吗？是EF吗？这看起来真不错。所以我和学生做了同样的事情，并添加了一个链接。上帝。这是伟大的。所以也许这种测量方法的细节。
说话人1 32:08
for.

为了。
说话人2 32:10
the models that didn't work well. I could delete it in that. It's your choice. You could include it in the gap. And then just not pretend.

那些不能很好地工作的模型。我可以把它删掉。这是你的选择。你可以把它包括在间隙中。然后不要假装。
说话人1 32:22
to recall it, got to be fine. Okay? I know.

回忆起来，一切都很好。好的？我知道。
说话人2 32:31
I there is one more thing that the flight model and a little more because things again. That's okay. Now, so like the i'm sure between the black model and any deep model, I should use difference, remote sensing data in the black ius two and they are. I like. But in the deep model, I didn't give it this one. Is that because remind me you in the deep one, new, actually, you use the data structure connect to that directly from the data. And was that not possible? That's you might have to remind me, why did you choose to exclude it in the deep called the image of this? But the nightlife didn't provide any information. I if I added it into the deep model, there is too much knowledge and the model the results will get one. I would write this, I guess, I think, because its a better comparison, if you use the same data for both. But I think you could write what you just told me about. You initially included it, but it didn't provide any information and drop them yet, led to better results. Byebye, byebye. But if I add this true,

我还有一件事，那就是飞行模型，因为事情又多了一点。没关系。现在，就像我确信在黑色模型和任何深层模型之间，我应该使用差异，在黑色模型中使用遥感数据。我喜欢。但在深层模型中，我没有给它这个。这是因为提醒我你在深层的，新的，实际上，你使用数据结构直接从数据连接到它。这不可能吗？那你可能要提醒我，为什么你选择把它排除在所谓的深层图像之外？但夜生活没有提供任何信息。如果我把它添加到深层模型中，有太多的知识和模型，结果将得到一个。我会写这个，我猜，我认为，因为这是一个更好的比较，如果你对两者使用相同的数据。但我认为你可以写下你刚才告诉我的内容。您最初包含了它，但它没有提供任何信息并删除了它们，这导致了更好的结果。拜拜拜拜。但如果我加上这一点，
说话人1 34:29
the.

那。
说话人2 34:31
results will the result is bad. So could I like as a model of like this model, keep model three, and like 3 . 5 and this value as two. And this one is as to all. And there.

结果将是坏的。所以我可以作为一个模型，像这个模型，保持模型3，像3。5该值为2。这一点对所有人都是如此。还有那里。
说话人1 34:55
iphone.

苹果手机。
说话人2 34:57
I think i'd avoid adding in another moment now, and I think it might confuse it.

我想我现在应该避免在另一个时刻添加，我认为这可能会混淆它。

Ideally, because you're comparing the flat versus deep architecture, you want to be compared across the same data sets. But as you just explained to me, the second text that doesn't add any additional information. I think the best way to do that is to just acknowledge that in your method or in your results, do you have results showing that this doesnt add anything, but these results to nothing? No, cause I tried and very previous page, and then I didn't try anything. So it's probably best if it would be best if you have a way to write it numerically. If you can say, for example, the marginal performance was not . 9 with both of them, but improve to more than just the maximum data set.

理想情况下，因为您正在比较平面架构与深度架构，所以您希望跨相同的数据集进行比较。但正如你刚才向我解释的那样，第二个文本没有添加任何额外的信息。我认为最好的方法是承认在你的方法或结果中，你是否有结果表明这不会增加任何东西，但这些结果什么都没有？不，因为我试过上一页，然后我什么都没试。所以如果你有办法把它写成数字形式，那可能是最好的。如果你能说，例如，边际绩效不是。9两者都有，但改进的不仅仅是最大数据集。
说话人1 36:13
Byebye.

拜拜。
说话人2 36:16
I think the best way to go ahead is to acknowledge this limitation

我认为最好的办法是承认这种局限性。
说话人1 36:26
nasa.

美国太空总署。
说话人2 36:34
Nasa. I make a conversation about the remorse in data. So I different defense. I am not sure about war. I'm not sure I started. This is sentinel too. What's this dh rs? Sorry, really? I iii think so the issue is that you can't really do such a strict comparison of if you use different data sets, the ideal thing will be to compare them on the same data sets. But you might not have time to do that. If you dont have time to do that, I would suggest the best report is to acknowledge when you use different data and make it very clear.

美国太空总署。我做了一个关于数据中的悔恨的对话。所以我不同的防守。我对战争没有把握。我不确定我是否开始了。这也是哨兵。这是什么DH RS？对不起，真的吗？我认为是这样的，问题是你不能真的做这么严格的比较，如果你使用不同的数据集，理想的做法是在相同的数据集上比较它们。但你可能没有时间去做。如果你没有时间这样做，我建议最好的报告是当你使用不同的数据时，要非常清楚地说明。

I could read that in the limitations. But when I introduced my the very patient structure in the introduction of the methodology, byebye. I should mention that, or I I would mention it in the methods as well. In the methods, I would say, due to noise in the light, like they decide it is not included in the deep model framework. And then the limitations, let's say, it's hard to do a strict comparison between the flat, more architecture and deeper architecture, but in different days, that's the most.

我可以在限制中读到。但是当我在方法论的介绍中介绍我的非常耐心的结构时，拜拜。我应该提到这一点，或者我也会在方法中提到它。在方法中，我想说，由于光中的噪声，就像他们决定它不包括在深层模型框架中一样。然后是限制，让我们说，很难在平面，更多的架构和更深的架构之间做一个严格的比较，但在不同的日子里，这是最。
说话人1 38:39
ok, email.

好的，电子邮件。

Nasa. These are the main problem I have.

美国太空总署。这些是我的主要问题。
说话人2 38:53
I didn't address the chapter four or five.

我没有提到第四章或第五章。
说话人1 39:01
Nasa. I.

美国国家航空航天局
说话人2 39:10
if I have more progress in the letter writing, can I send emails? You can email me. I'm on holiday. Mhm. When is your dissertation due during the day? Actually, the august.

如果我在写信方面有更多的进步，我可以发送电子邮件吗？你可以给我发邮件。我在度假。嗯。你的论文白天什么时候交？实际上，八月。

So still almost 20th, and i'm away from the 10th onwards. So I won't be replying to emails after the time, because I wanna call it. So this is why i'm saying, if you want me to read a review, need something to be by next wednesday. Okay? I need to review it. I can try to replace emails of that by coming in promises. Ii could write it like us, and then you will like this friday. I I will try to. So what is next wednesday is the latest. Even if you don't have things early written, is if they try and send me as much of the draft that you have, and then I can just give you feedback on it. It doesn't actually perfect, but then it gives you time to respond to the feedback. How can I get on? Ii do not need to change my model or to make the results better. Like I think the result is, I think you articulated the research gap quite well, and sometimes we do research and we don't get as good results as they want. And we can do about that. Let's focus now on writing up as clearly as she can. Right now. I.

所以还是快20岁了，我离10岁还远着呢。所以我不会在时间之后回复电子邮件，因为我想叫它。所以这就是为什么我说，如果你想让我读一篇评论，需要在下周三之前得到一些东西。好的？我需要复习一下。我可以试着用承诺来代替电子邮件。我可以像我们一样写，然后你会喜欢这个星期五。我会努力的。所以下周三是最晚的。即使你没有提前写好东西，如果他们试着把你的草稿发给我，然后我可以给你反馈。它实际上并不完美，但它给了你时间来回应反馈。我怎样才能上车？我不需要改变我的模型或使结果更好。就像我认为的结果是，我认为你很好地阐述了研究差距，有时我们做了研究，但我们没有得到他们想要的好结果。我们可以这样做。现在让我们把注意力集中在尽可能清楚地写下来。马上。我。
说话人1 41:10
can't.

不能。
说话人2 41:11
is there any more questions you.

你还有什么问题吗？
说话人1 41:17
have that?

有那个吗？
说话人2 41:21
I that's the one. So let's say, is focus on writing as clearly as possible. I aim for last words, rather than more words or just a word count and just really think about all, what would the reader be interested in? And what information do they need to know in order to understand them?

我就是那个人。所以让我们说，是专注于尽可能清晰地写作。我的目标是最后几个字，而不是更多的字，或者仅仅是字数统计，然后认真思考，读者会对什么感兴趣？他们需要了解哪些信息才能理解他们？

One more question. Maybe should I apply the error, the word error, not like some some square or the rmfe in the introduction, in the introduction, in the introduction or in the literature.

还有一个问题。也许我应该应用错误，错误这个词，而不是像在引言中，在引言中，在引言中或在文献中的一些正方形或RMFE。
说话人1 42:17
review.

回顾。
说话人2 42:19
What do you mean? Exactly? Can you give me an example?

你什么意思？就是这样？你能举个例子吗？
说话人1 42:23
Nasa. Nok like this lower.

美国太空总署。诺克像这样低一点。
说话人2 43:00
focus errors. It means, right? Nasa. How to practice on the sentence. So they also distinguish population predictability. So I this sentence, I think, is slightly confusing.

聚焦误差。意思是，对吧？美国太空总署。如何在句子上练习。所以他们也区分了人口的可预测性。因此，我认为这句话有点令人困惑。
说话人1 43:46
Anyway,

无论如何，
说话人2 43:49
you've used a code of hair, which is normally introduces a list. I think it should be a coma or a semicolon to split the sentence. I want to say that maybe the economic ios more morass you use, maybe the lower errors. Us. Byebye. Ps.

你已经使用了头发的代码，它通常会引入一个列表。我认为应该是昏迷或分号来拆分句子。我想说的是，也许你使用的经济IOS更多，也许错误更少。我们。拜拜。PS。
说话人1 44:34
O nasa.

没有美国宇航局。
说话人2 44:48
Cos epppo indicator of us, the errors doesn't mean.

因为我们的EPPPO指标，错误并不意味着。
说话人1 44:59
nana.

娜娜。
说话人2 45:07
My question is that should I use like errors? Or should I use the indicators name in the literature? I think paris is okay, but there are more generally. It might be talking about a an incorrect prediction. I so I think the use of word error is okay. I would think also have a think about so the sentence, the same sentence might need rewarding anyway, or currently I don't know exactly what you mean. You say they also distinguish population predictability from forecast ability. So these are two different properties. But then the two dots, no indicator about to write a list. And this isn't the list. Can you write an economic variable may be related to future oil prices without producing lower forecast errors? In a finite evaluation example,

我的问题是我应该使用类似的错误吗？或者我应该使用文献中的指标名称？我认为巴黎还可以，但更普遍的是。它可能是在谈论一个错误的预测。所以我认为使用单词错误是可以的。我想也要考虑一下这个句子，同样的句子可能需要奖励，或者目前我不知道你到底是什么意思。你说他们还把人口的可预测性和预测能力区分开来。所以这是两个不同的属性。但随后的两个点，没有指标，约写一个清单。这不是名单。你能写出一个可能与未来油价相关的经济变量，而不会产生较低的预测误差吗？在有限评估示例中，

are you saying that you can add in more variables to create a better module? But you might need to more areas. It will the errors will get less thoughts. It will not perfect way or in the actual work. So every thousand meaning doesn't have actual meaning in the real world. So to me, what you're saying is you can keep adding variables to your model, and it might reduce the error on your sample data set. But it doesn't mean it will necessarily predict. Well, on future data, nana, nana, nasa.

你是说你可以添加更多的变量来创建一个更好的模块吗？但你可能需要更多的领域。错误会得到更少的思考。在实际工作中也不会尽善尽美。所以每一千个意义在现实世界中都没有实际意义。所以对我来说，你所说的是你可以不断地向你的模型中添加变量，这可能会减少你的样本数据集的错误。但这并不意味着它一定会预测。嗯，关于未来的数据，娜娜，娜娜，美国宇航局。
说话人1 47:43
Don't trust me.

别相信我。
说话人2 47:48
The researchers said that the means that this is a mathematical model. And if you work well in the future data, the model is still worse than the nutrient. It is lessons. It is not meaningful ok it's just numbers, not the real nasa bs, ps, ps, pm. I don't know if I completely understand, but I think you're speaking to the idea that reducing model error in the model doesn't necessarily capture future volatility or something like a oil price market is. I think what we're trying to say. I think how to think about what you mean and then try and explain it as clearly as possible in the sentence.

研究人员表示，这意味着这是一个数学模型。如果你在未来的数据中工作得很好，模型仍然比营养物差。这是教训。这是没有意义的，好吧，这只是数字，而不是真正的美国宇航局的BS，PS，PS，PM。我不知道我是否完全理解，但我认为你说的是这样一种观点，即减少模型中的模型误差并不一定能捕捉到未来的波动性，或者像石油价格市场那样。我想我们想说的是。我认为如何思考你的意思，然后在句子中尽可能清楚地解释它。

I like, maybe be careful about using things like protons and semi protons, because it makes it harder to read. Okay? I i'm not sure like the like see us cnngcn like these words. Should I right? It has a great, big on the right work for. So the first time you introduce a batman name, you should always spell it out. Yeah. And then if they were using it regularly or if it's common, you can then use just the acronym. For example, to an example, let's do this graph that the first time, i'd say,

我喜欢，也许在使用质子和半质子之类的东西时要小心，因为这会使它更难阅读。好的？我不确定是否喜欢看到我们CNNGCN喜欢这些词。我应该对吗？它有一个伟大的，大的权利的工作。所以当你第一次介绍蝙蝠侠的名字时，你应该把它拼出来。是啊。然后，如果他们经常使用它，或者如果它很常见，你可以只使用缩略词。例如，对于一个例子，让我们做这个图，第一次，我会说，

tailor at all. So referring to a paper, use a group, your network, and you do this. And then I let's say it's like 2020 years so that the citation, and then later on, you could say I use a journal. We can. So, but if it's something which is really rap, or you don't mention it much finishes for the out every time. Ok? Nnn count the words of the appendix. That's a good question. I don't know, says it here. So excluding figures been real cooking for me. So the appendix on account,

裁缝。所以参考一篇论文，使用一个小组，你的网络，你这样做。然后我让我们说它像2020年，所以引用，然后稍后，你可以说我使用期刊。我们可以。所以，但如果它是真正的说唱，或者你没有提到它，每次都结束了。好吧？Nnn数附录的字数。这是个好问题。我不知道，这里说。所以排除数字对我来说是真正的烹饪。所以关于账户的附录，

I I I would try to avoid adding myself, but.

我我我会尽量避免加入我自己，但是。
说话人1 51:21
I don't exist.

我不存在。
说话人2 51:23
Ii have your feelings. So focus on what is most necessary. They understanding the data. For example, he has a table gdp. I have wrote that in the game. Well done while I like the actual robot force. Yeah, so normally in your appendix, you should include things which you refer to in the text, in the main document, but perhaps it's an additional result. You don't want to go further detail.

我有你的感觉。因此，专注于最必要的事情。他们理解数据。例如，他有一张GDP表格。我在游戏里写过。干得好，虽然我喜欢真正的机器人部队。是的，所以通常在你的附录中，你应该包括你在正文中提到的东西，在主文档中，但也许这是一个额外的结果。你不想谈更多的细节。

iPhone.

苹果智能手机。
说话人1 52:12
Yeah, that's.

是啊，那是。
说话人2 52:18
III will try to finish the whole prepare, try as much as possible. And I pretty feedback even if you have a construction of sections trying, II find a few draw paragraphs, but at once and at least I can then give you feedback come up. Yeah, okay. Passing, i'll EMAIL you with the letter made, see you for coffee as well. Thank you. Good luck writing up and yeah, feel Free to EMAIL me. That's probably what the final small holiday. Yeah. Right.

我会努力完成整个准备工作，尽可能多地尝试。我的反馈很好，即使你有一个章节的结构，我也会找到一些段落，但至少我可以马上给你反馈。是啊，好的。顺便说一句，我会把写好的信用电子邮件发给你，也会和你一起喝咖啡。谢谢。祝你写得好，是的，请随时给我发电子邮件。那可能就是最后的小假期了。是啊。对的。
说话人1 52:56
Nasa.

美国太空总署。
